[Music]
here in Detroit a city of war on the
city's west side at 150 block area is
off-limits to everybody US army
paratroopers National Guardsmen state
and local police are continuing the
fight against a handful of snipers hello
everything is fine no trouble bit I'll
sleep when they start riding hey fellas
vm going that grocery store across the
street I've come bearing gifts
thank you yeah sugar don't push your man
it's a war zone out down they're
destroying the city Oh y'all seeing this
Hey look we're not so popular how weird
let's go there to all this blows over
the black is almost like having a gun
pointed face selected hey boy
what's going on my street corner or what
[Music]
later Tommy can you fire check fire
check fire near the Algiers motel hey
y'all want to put these Oh Simon
let's not be stupid in this situation
you need to tell me where the gun is
I got all night people tell me exactly
what is going on here I need you to
survive
you think we're bluffing
we don't walk
Oh